# To Neil
To that one boy i think of whenever Linger by Cranberries plays,

hi, i know you may we weirded out by this another long message of mine when we had just formally closed our chapter a week ago but it isn't getting better for my side unfortunately.. so i felt like i had to do this farewell message to bid you a last goodbye before going away and being non existent to you for good.

just so you know, it took me a few days composing this message, been in and out of my notes app contemplating whether to continue typing my mind out or to just forget about it but here i am continuing it for the sake of my own peace.

 if you're going to ask how was i these past few days (as if you'd care), I'm not doing good. Some days it's okay but most days its just not good yk. for a short period of time you managed to be all over my mind everyday, you're not everything i think about, but you're everything i want to think about. I said many things to you while i was mad and i apologize for that but I'm still mad hahaha I'm mad about the way you changed, I'm mad about the way you treated me when you knew for sure i didn't deserve that, I'm mad that you took everything for granted just because i was far away, I'm mad that you thought about leaving me because of the distance rather than pulling an effort more to chase the distance between us, I'm mad about the way you didn't seem to care everytime I'd say I'm tired of us, I'm mad at the way I'm mad at you while at the same time having so much love for you. I know i haven't been the best partner for you, I've been unfair and unaffectionate to you sometimes but everything for me was real, nothing could ever convince me it wasn't even though it was only for a short time and also just a side note, no I didn't do this letter thingy to all the guys i had, i just knew i had to write this to you to tame my fire that's been alive for days. I still didn't know why you suddenly changed after everything we had, I've been insecure for days and questions keep appearing in my head and it breaks me everyday knowing that it will never be answered. What we had broke me so much because i knew i gave you so much, too much actually. I let my guard down for you because you showed me love, you showed me how to be loved, I did things for you i know I'd never do for anybody. We were okay, we were happy, we brought out each other's spark again by being together even though it was just virtually, we laughed together, i even cried for the littlest things..cause i realized i love you so much that i fear you leaving me someday, so it hurted me when i was slowly realizing you were melting away from our bond. 
When you changed, i felt like i was left alone in the cold air. Literal na naramdaman ko iniwan mo ko sa ere. I patiently waited for you to come back to the old you, i tried to stitch back the bonds that were falling apart but i realized i couldn't do it on my own. I realize i couldn't just love and love, that to be able to move forward in a relationship one needs to be loved the same way they love. I did got tired..but i didn't wanna give up, i only planned to give up when it struck me that while i was picking up our falling pieces, you were the one causing it to break, hence causing it to fall down. but i couldn't blame you, i couldn't blame everything on you just because the spark of loving me left you. I've been angry with you for these past few days because you never gave me the assurance i wanted, but now it's okay, i have already assured myself that it is what it is. If we were not chosen to be loved by whom we love, I can't do anything about that. It did pain me tho, seeing you look so okay with everything..i'm just jealous how you were holding everything together, or were you even affected in the first place? I'm not invalidating all your efforts in making me feel loved but I'm also in doubt wether you thought of us in a much more serious perspective, did you really mean it when you said you wanted to see me after May passes? did you really mean it when you said you loved me so much you'd go home so early just so you can talk to me? all you said, did it really mean something to you? or were is it just you spouting all the love words you can bring up just to make me fall harder for you? were your i love you's and i miss you's actually real? or you only said that out of external affection? I don't have the answers, you do. Like i said, I'm not invalidating your actions and efforts but this questions just appeared in my head the moment you became cold and stopped doing the things i liked about you. When we decided to end it, i didn't even feel that you cared enough, it's like you just want everything to get over with and just get rid of me as soon as possible, were you really that tired of me? If you weren't real, then all i wish for you now is that the next time you say you love somebody, love them beyond words, consider loving them even after the chasing, and before choosing to love them, consider your own heart first if you can take all the odds that will be between you two. You hurted me, probably left a mini traumatizing memory for me haha but that's why i wrote this letter, hoping that it would bring me the peace I've always wished these past few days. 

Keep moving forward, I'm proud of everywhere you have been and will be. I wish nothing but success to everything you do. I always want to see you at the top, but unfortunately that can't happen anymore, so promise yourself that you'd always aim to see what's beyond the mountains, meaning promise yourself to be on top of it someday. My time with you may be short, but time can never tell the genuineness of my love for you. I was serious about the things i wanted to do with you in the future neil.

I don't know how much you loved me, or if you did love me for real but that's fine. Thank you for letting me love you and making me feel that you did love me too. Thank you for all the memories we shared, thank you for existing. There's still so many things i wanted to tell you, many questions i wanted to ask you but maybe our chapter was really meant to be an open story..that not all questions were needed to be answered. 

That's all for now, don't worry you won't see me anywhere after you read this message because I'll be blocking you everywhere. Like i said, I'll be non existent to you from now on for the hopes of bringing my peace back. Besides, I know this is what you have always wanted, to get rid of me. You'll probably forget about me someday and so will i, that's why i want to cherish and embrace the love and pain i have for you now before it fades into another memory in the past.
